docs: add allowAdditionFromPaste demo link (#767)
react-tags/react-tags: README.md

> |[`allowDragDrop`](#allowDragDrop) | `Boolean` | `true` | Boolean value to control whether tags should have drag-n-drop features enabled. Here is a [demo](http://www.jinno.io/app/6/allowDragDrop?source=react-tag-input).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`allowDragDrop`](#allowDragDrop) | `Boolean` | `true` | Implies whether tags should have drag-n-drop features enabled. Here is a [demo](http://www.jinno.io/app/6/allowDragDrop?source=react-tag-input).
```
